Good morning, family! I'm excited to
be with y'all today. I have
a pretty strong word from the Lord.
I just got off social
media completely; this word was
so strong. I've had two very strong words
in the last week from the
Lord. I had one visitation from the
Father, and the presence of the Lord
filled my house so strongly—I can honestly
tell you I've never felt the presence of
the Lord like that before.
It shook me and gave me a renewed fear
in Him of how close we are to Jesus
coming. I'm going to start
off with
this: He told me, 'It's time to get
serious. You're not serious
enough; you're not
pushing and pursuing enough for what's
coming.'He
said there's a shifting
taking place. It all started while I was
praying over Israel, and He was
speaking to me about the meeting that
President Biden had with Benjamin
Netanyahu yesterday. He
said
there's going to be an
acceleration of times and an
acceleration of things now.
You'll see an acceleration with war,
with
financial stuff, and
with the signs of the
heavens—outer
space stuff.
There's going to be acceleration
with
the weather and our
atmosphere. He said these are times
like you've never seen before; the Earth
has never experienced what it's about
to
experience in the coming days. It
is an
acceleration into unprecedented
times. We
have
never in history experienced what
we're about to experience.
There
was so much pressure in the Spirit
when He said this. He warned me
about what's coming and
said, 'The body of Christ is
not awake. The people in the
prophetic realm are not
awake.'He
was talking about
coming up higher
and said, 'The level you're
operating in right now is a very shallow
level. It's time to come up
higher with Me; it's time to separate
yourself even more than you already
have.'He
said, 'Brandon, there's a level of
prophetic that the world has
never experienced before,
and
you
must
separate yourself to hear Me
closely
for what is coming to warn the
people.'He
said many of His people are
not hearing
or
listening. We are in
very serious times, for the coming of
His
Son is at hand, yet people are asleep. Some
feel they
are awake,
but they're still not. He
was even correcting me,
saying
I
was
spending
way too much time talking to people on Facebook and answering questions. He
said that's not what
I'm
here to do; I am to
seek Him, stay at His feet,
and deliver the word He has for the
people. It was a rebuke,
so I erased Facebook
and
all the things that were a distraction.
I want
to go higher; I don't want to be in
the shallow water. I want to be
over my head, all the way
to the bottom,
saturated and controlled
by the Holy Ghost for these last
days. He had me praying for the
tunnels in Israel for the ground
invasion, and I saw things
plotted against the
soldiers.
The Lord warned
me to pray against booby traps
and
explosives
rigged
to
harm
people, including the hostages.
We
need to intercede for those
people, sending angels
to
help because
the enemy is ruthless, without
a
conscience,
like
barbarians.
I
won't
go into a lot
regarding
the tie
between Israel and the United
States; it's just not smart.
This is the
second part: after He warned me about
the acceleration of war,
times,
finances, and the shift to
cryptocurrencies,
He warned me about 2024
and
what's coming.
In my prayer time, when
the glory manifested so
strongly,
He warned me again about coming up
higher.
It's
been six days since
my
visitation,
and He said, 'It's time to come up
higher
in the prophetic realm
and
in walking with Me, for
I long for you to abide in
the fire.'Suddenly,
I saw the heavens
split above
me—a
massive
break in the
atmosphere—and
I saw the
Lord seated on His throne, the great God
Jehovah. I saw this massive
light coming out and Him seated on
His throne. I want you all to
grasp
this:
Heaven is
invading Earth now. It's
an invasion of Heaven on
Earth like we've never seen. I
saw
a liquid lava
flowing out of the throne of God that looked
like liquid honey. It was moving
slowly
but
beautifully,
with
sparkles of gold dust
inside,
oozing out onto the Earth. It was tiered as I was looking up in the throne room. Then the
Lord allowed me to see inside of
Him. A lot of you
will
probably squawk about this, but I really
don't care.
God is light, and in Him there is no
darkness at all. He allowed me to
see the light as His
skin,
and then he allowed my
spiritual eyes
to see inside of
the Father, great El Elyon, the
most high God. I say this with
fear and reverence:
the light
is like His skin.
Inside Him, He was
endless—His
own dimension.
It looked like a different
kind of light,
with
unique
stars
shining all inside of Him.
It moved like
it was alive,
transparent and spirit.
It had a
shape and was taking form,
though
it's
hard to
explain.
I
saw
the silhouette
of His face from afar,
with
a
crown
on His head.
Inside
His head,
I could see three beautiful
blue
sapphires—huge
ones.
All around was
a
beautiful
light like
blue fire,
making the sapphires
glow.
Around His face, I could
only see
His chin
and
the back of His head;
everything else was fire
radiating a
captivating
blue
light.
I was fixed on
it;
I felt like I was melting like
wax in my home. It
was the most holy moment,
seeing
a glimpse of
the silhouette of the
Father.
Then
He
said,
'Focus and
see this wall.'Upon
the
wall was
ancient text,
eons of
time, with angelic writing
engraved into stone
with
fire.
This was writing on a
granite rock with
triangles,
circles,
waves,
and squares.
He told me it was
an ancient text etched
in
for millions of years.
I still
don't have the full revelation of why He
showed me this,
but
it was
being downloaded like
a
fire hydrant.
He said,
'My prophetic people
are thinking too carnal;
it's time to come up
another level.'He even told
me my
thinking
was
too shallow.
He
asked,
'Do you know the difference
between a flash in the pan and someone who stands the test of time?'He told me not to be a flash in the pan but a pillar who
teaches
the word. He
brought up brother Kenneth Hagin,
saying
brother Hagin didn't just give a
word of the day;
he taught the people how
to live by faith
and
stand on the covenant.
To stand the test of time,
you must teach the
word.
Too many prophetic
people are just a flash in the pan and will burn out.
It's about getting in the word
and
teaching the
people how to pray.
He said, 'When you
seek Me daily and
come
out of carnal thinking,
I
will
give you those words.'We are
in a
season
of great birthing pains,
more than ever before. What we've
experienced
is
nothing compared to what is about to
happen. He said this
as
a warning
to
sit
at His
feet
and
make
Him priority number one.
He
was
showing
me
levels
of
the
prophetic:
ankle-deep,
waist-deep,
knee-deep,
and
then over the head.
He said, 'Brandon, there's so much more
than what you're seeing on YouTube;
you're
just
scratching the surface.'If you abide in Him,
sit
at
His table, and take
your seat
in heavenly
places above principalities and
powers, you
walk in
dominion.
It's
like breathing: inhale the Father,
exhale.
He said,
'Sit at My
throne, and that's when you give
the
word
to
the
people.'Going
back to the three
sapphires, I believe they
represented
the Father, the Son, and
the Holy
Ghost—all
three are one inside
of
Him.
My words in the English
vocabulary don't do it
justice. It
was a lot of
correction for me
to separate
myself from comments and worrying about
what people think.
He's
showing
me
it's
about
separation
and
flowing
in
the
Holy
Spirit. Then He showed
me
Israel. I
saw
darkness all
around it like a wall,
but
light came down from Heaven.
I
was
above the Earth
looking down,
seeing
a wall of protection in the
spirit realm
over Israel.
He was honoring
His covenant. He told
me to
pay attention to the
Mediterranean;
while
there was no darkness on
the sea, there were walls
of demonic activity
on the borders from
Egypt all around. I
interceded
against
sneak attacks from the sea.
Then He took me over America, and I
saw
the
southern border with
people
coming across.
America looked gray,
with
a
gray
sludge
over
it,
but
there was
still
light shining; it was not total
darkness. I asked if
there
would
be
an attack on Friday the 13th.
He laughed and said, 'Brandon,
they're never going to announce
when that's going to happen.'He said
it's
a surprise attack, like Israel's,
so you must
pray
against hidden things
so
you
aren't
blindsided.
Nothing happened on those days, but He
was
telling me to stay
on my guard.
I'll end there.
This bell is our new notification
signal,
so
please subscribe if
this video blessed you.
I
won't
share
more
of the vision
right now as I
don't feel it's wisdom.
Let's pray we
are
always in the right
place at the right time.
The eclipse was very
significant—a
sign
in the heavens.
Things are fixing to get
amazing; the
light will
get lighter and the
dark
darker. Jesus Christ
is coming.
People argue about 'once saved, always
saved,'but
I'm telling you,
you
need
to
listen to
those
walking with
Jesus.
You can backslide,
so
get your heart right.
I'm not
here to condemn you, but to
lift you up.
Don't
compromise or live in sin.
You
won't
go
to hell for
smoking a cigarette, but
those
who
practice sin without repentance are on
the
'Highway to
Hell.'We
should
be
like the
virgins keeping our lamps full,
having communion with Him
daily.
The
wages of sin is death.
Jesus
said, 'Go and sin no more,
lest
a
worse
thing come upon
you.'We
have to live separate
lives
for Him.
I
walk with Jesus, and
if you
listen, I'll help you.
We're at a point
of
separation; it's not a
game
anymore. Choose
the
Lord
today
with
all
your heart.
Father, we thank You that
You are a loving God,
full of
mercy. Your mercies are new every
morning.
You healed our diseases
and
took our infirmities.
No weapon formed against us
shall
prosper. We take authority over
the devil in the name of
Jesus and tell him to cease and desist.
We take
authority over demonic spirits
coming
against our children. We
call
in
wayward children
and
unsaved loved
ones, and we call laborers across
their path.
I
pray for the salvation of that man's wife;
soften
her
heart and give her an
experience with You in the midnight hour.
For
those
believing for
their husbands,
let
the glory of God
shake
them in
their sleep. Give them a dream of You, or even
of hell, to lead
them
to
Jesus.
Let the natural become
supernatural.
We plead the blood of Jesus
over our loved ones and call
for
the
restoration of marriages
and
households.
We
are
the salt and light
of this earth.
We lay hands
on the sick,
cast out devils, and raise
the
dead. We pray for
revelation knowledge
and
that the eyes of our understanding
be enlightened
to
know You
intimately.
We
are
joint
heirs
with Jesus
Christ,
redeemed
from the curse of the law.
By
Your stripes, we
are healed.
You made
a display
of triumph
over
the devil and
gave
us
authority.
We take
authority over addictions, perversions, and drugs. We bind depression, anxiety, and fear. We call for hormone balance over
serotonin,
cortisol, and adrenals.
I
thank You for
babies
and restored
marriages.
I thank You
for
spiritual babies growing
through this channel.
They will rise up,
take their authority,
and
steamroll the
devil—a
toothless
lion.
We
are not afraid; we raise
the
sword of the Spirit.
We renew our minds
and
go
from
the
ankle-deep
water
to
the
deeps. We
give You praise
in
Jesus'name,
amen.
I'm not on Facebook
anymore;
it's
time to go deeper
in the word.
Put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you,
and we love you.
Have a blessed day.
Bye-bye.